c:\users\zaneta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrismDemo\PrismDemo\bin\Debug\PrismDemo.exe.config
c:\users\zaneta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrismDemo\PrismDemo\bin\Debug\PrismDemo.exe
c:\users\zaneta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrismDemo\PrismDemo\bin\Debug\PrismDemo.pdb
c:\users\zaneta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrismDemo\PrismDemo\bin\Debug\Prism.dll
c:\users\zaneta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrismDemo\PrismDemo\bin\Debug\Prism.pdb
c:\users\zaneta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrismDemo\PrismDemo\bin\Debug\Prism.xml
c:\users\zaneta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrismDemo\PrismDemo\obj\Debug\PrismDemo.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\zaneta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrismDemo\PrismDemo\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\zaneta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrismDemo\PrismDemo\obj\Debug\PrismDemo_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\zaneta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrismDemo\PrismDemo\obj\Debug\PrismDemo_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\zaneta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrismDemo\PrismDemo\obj\Debug\PrismDemo.g.resources
c:\users\zaneta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrismDemo\PrismDemo\obj\Debug\PrismDemo.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\zaneta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrismDemo\PrismDemo\obj\Debug\PrismDemo.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\zaneta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrismDemo\PrismDemo\obj\Debug\PrismDemo.exe
c:\users\zaneta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrismDemo\PrismDemo\obj\Debug\PrismDemo.pdb
c:\users\zaneta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrismDemo\PrismDemo\obj\Debug\Views\MainView.g.cs
c:\users\zaneta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrismDemo\PrismDemo\obj\Debug\Views\MainView.baml
c:\users\zaneta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrismDemo\PrismDemo\obj\Debug\Views\ViewA.g.cs
c:\users\zaneta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrismDemo\PrismDemo\obj\Debug\Views\ViewA.baml
c:\users\zaneta\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PrismDemo\PrismDemo\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
C:\Users\Zaneta\Source\Repos\JacekPierzchala\prism\PrismDemo\bin\Debug\PrismDemo.exe.config
C:\Users\Zaneta\Source\Repos\JacekPierzchala\prism\PrismDemo\obj\Debug\PrismDemo.exe
C:\Users\Zaneta\Source\Repos\JacekPierzchala\prism\PrismDemo\obj\Debug\PrismDemo.pdb
